['\nI bought this phone for a friend who just wanted a practical phone in the Rs10k price bracket. So, I got him this phone and it is surprisingly good. Let me explain it from a practicality viewpoint.Pros-1. CAT6 modem - This is the most important thing for a phone in my opinion, yet no one talks about it! For those who don\'t know, this is the number which indicates the maximum speed supported by the 4g modem inside this phone. Usually, the phones in the price range come with CAT4 modem which just has a single antenna and supports a max of 150Mbps. However, this phone has a CAT6 modem which has two antennas and supports up to 300Mbps. Now, these are maximum ratings and in the real world, the difference is that CAT4 can max get you 25Mbps, while CAT6 can get a max of 90Mbps.You can get these speeds only if the network tower at your location also supports CAT6 with Carrier aggression. In India, Airtel and Jio are upgrading many of their towers to support this, and at many locations, it has been already available for two years now, especially in Kerala and major towns & cities. Having two antennas also improves network reception, so you get a steady signal while traveling etc.High-end phones like Samsung Note 9 supports CAT18 and all, but anything over CAT12 is useless because no cellular network in the world supports that much speed and they never will because they will next move to 5G. In my opinion, no one should buy a phone with a modem that is less than CAT6 in 2018 as everyone is constantly using 4G for everything.2. Good Build Quality - When you hold this phone in your hand, you will feel like you are holding a premium sturdy phone. It feels quality due to metallic build, good glass in the front and the optimum weight. If you have ever held any of the recent Redmi phone, this feels exactly the same.3. Good Display - The full HD resolution is the perfect resolution for a phone as even if you closely inspect it, you will not be able to see any pixels. No one needs any resolution more than it. Apart from that, this panel has a really good contrast ratio with deep blacks, and I love that. The colors feel like it is popping out, and playing videos on it is a great experience.4. Great Battery - After all of the above points, the next important point for a normal person is battery life, and this phone\'s 4000Mah batter provides us with over two days of use. So, you don\'t need to have battery-anxiety.5. Good Wifi - Today, everyone needs to use Wifi and it is important to have a good wifi range. For that, not only you need a good router, but you also need good wifi modem in your device, and this one has a good modem with good range. It also supports 5Ghz frequency if you need it. I was able to get 1.5x more range from my router with this phone than a 3-year-old phone.6. UI - Xioami\'s version of Android is a very feature rich. It is good for most people but I personally don\'t like it. However, their next MIUI 10 is super awesome. I love that one. I am sure this phone will get upgraded to MIUI10 soon and its gesture-based navigation is fantastic. Even in the current version of this phone, I went to settings and chose the gesture-based navigation and I was able to use the phone in a more fluid way with it than with the old style button-based navigation. I found that even those who are not familiar with technology is able to use the gestures better than the onscreen buttons.7. Super fast fingerprint reader. It is surprisingly fast and accurate.8. Good speakers - It is a mono bottom firing speaker, but it is loud and clear. It is as good as any redmi phone.10. Headphone jack - This needs to be mentioned because many phones dont have it nowadays.11. Good processor and SOC - I know snapdragon 625 is almost a two-year-old processor, but it is good for most people. You will not see any lags due to this. Everything works smoothly. Although, if you are a super heavy user, like a gamer, then you should go for higher priced phones with better processors. For average to mid-level users, this is more than enough.12. Good RAM. - 3GB RAM is good for most regular people. It allows for plenty of multitasking. Actually, more RAM doesn\'t impact the performance much. The only thing it does is that you will be able to open more apps at the same time. So, having too much of RAM is not going to be useful if you do not open like 15 apps simultaneously and keep it running in the background. 3GB is the ideal size for 95% of the people out there. People buy phones with more RAM because it is an easily marketable number for the companies and not because more RAM is actually useful.It is like buying a tempo traveler instead of a car because a tempo traveler has 15 seats while a car has only 5. But, you only travel with 4 people 99.9% of the time. So, not only are you wasting fuel with the tempo traveler, but you are not even getting any use out of it. That is the same scenario with those who buy phones with 6 or 8GB RAM. Those extra rams are like the unused seats of the tempo traveler.13 - Smudge resistance - I like that the back side doesn\'t attract fingerprints and dirt like the flagship phones of today which are made of glass. It is really practically awesome.14- Good GPS reception - Again, practically this is one important feature to travel around.15- I personally don\'t like notch, but it seems to be done pretty well in this case. I didn\'t face any problem due to the notch. I wish if the curves around the display was a little less. Currently, it feels like it is too curved.Cons-1. Very low power LED light. This phone has only one LED light, and most people in India use their phones as a torch at least once in a while, so it is practically very important. This one\'s brightness was like 30% compared to an LG G3 with two LEDs. In my opinion, all phones should have a dual LED with good brightness.2. Average camera - The cameras are good enough for 80% of the people. It takes okayish photos, but it is not comparable to the LG G3 or Pocophone or any high-end phone. It is good for the price, but nothing extraordinary. I found the photos to be too soft, like lacking sharpness or losing details, however, you can see these imperfections only if you zoom into the photo and check it. So, if you are not pixel peeping, it is a good enough camera for you. However, don\'t expect it to take as good photos as expensive phones. Even at this 10k price point, you might find other phones with a slightly better camera. Even the portrait bokeh effect was not good with it blurring the edges of the face. The videos are also of average quality. Don\'t mistake this as "poor quality", this camera still produces good enough photos which are perfectly usable for everything. Just that it is not as good as higher priced phones. Indians generally make it sound worse than it actually is, and I see the same phenomenon in the review section here.3. Lack of Gorilla glass - I don\'t know if this glass has any sort of protection, so it might easily get scratched. It is highly recommended that you buy a screen protector as the specs don\'t talk about any scratch resistance. I think to make a phone practically useful, it needs some good quality glass with protection.4. Thick bezels all around - This is not really a problem at least in this price range, but the bezels on all four sides are thicker than other phones. There is a large chin, thick side bezels and thick top bezel above the notch. Again, I didn\'t face any problem due to this, but it diminishes the looks/beauty of the phone.5. Lack of fast charging - No phone in this price range provides it, but I just wanted to mention it as some people might need it. You need to double the price range to get this feature.6. MicroUSB - The world is moving towards USB-c, so I think even budget phones should start having this, but again no big deal. And I don\'t think any other phone is providing it at this time.7. Old design - Xioami has been using this same design language for the past four years. So, it is a highly overused design which has now become kinda boring for techies like me. It is very much practical, but not exciting or beautiful.----------Comparison with other phones - If you want a camera phone or a gaming phone, this is not the one you should get in my opinion, instead, you should spend much more, like 21k for the poco F1. But, the value difference between this phone and poco is around 15% for most people. You are getting a significantly better camera & processor, that\'s all, and you are paying 2x more money for it. So, you need to think carefully on how you are going to use this phone, and remember that you can still play 99% games in playstore smoothly in this phone itself and that it can take good enough photos.Overall, you are basically getting a good phone at a very optimal price point. There is nothing much you are losing out by not going for a more expensive device. In my opinion, there is only about 15% difference between this phone and the phones sold at 20k and about 30% difference in a phone sold at 35k to 100k price range. So, 10k is a good price point at which you are getting the maximum value for money. I wouldn\'t suggest going below this price range as well, as then you will start losing out on quality and display resolution. In short, 10k is the price you should pay for getting the most value for money phone you can buy, and Redmi 6 pro is an excellent choice for that.I hope you find this review helpful. :)\n', '\nVery good product\n', '\nNice\n', '\nExcellent product\n', '', '\nHere’s what you get inside the box:1. Handset2. Charger (5V 2A)3. USB charging cable4. Sim ejector pin5. Translucent CaseDesign:The design of Note 6 Pro same as that of Note 5 Pro so nothing special here. The build quality is decent, and phone feels good in hand. Rating 8/10.Display:The display on the front is a Full HD 6.3-inch notch display with 19:9 aspect ratio. The display is sharp and bright with good viewing angles and colors. It is covered with a 2.5D glass which gives it a premium look. The notch on the top is big and there is a significant chin at the bottom as well. I think Xiaomi could have done a bit better here. Big notches mean less space for notification icons so that’s not great. Rating 8/10.Battery:The phone comes with a 4000 mAh battery which is also same as Note 5 Pro. So, with moderate usage you can expect a battery backup of 2 days on a single charge. One nice improvement in Note 6 Pro is that Quick Charge 3.0 is available now. The phone does not come with a fast charger though and you need to buy it separately. Rating 10/10.Audio:The speaker at the bottom of the device is surprisingly very loud and clear. The audio via the earphone is average if you don’t tweak the settings. So, I’d recommend going into setting and use the equalizer and sound enhancer options to improve audio via 3.5mm jack. Rating 8.5/10.Performance:The Note 6 Pro runs on same Snapdragon 636. Snapdragon 636 is a good midrange chipset with performance and efficiency, so we have no complaints. App opens and close fast. Gaming is smooth as well. If you use a ton of apps then maybe go for the 6GB RAM variant. Rating 8.5/10.Security:Both fingerprint sensor and face unlock work well on the Redmi Note 6 Pro. Fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate while the Face unlock takes a bit of time (less than a second) to unlock the device. Face unlock is not that secure and can unlocked by another person so don’t use it if you have something on your phone that should not be seen by others. Rating 9/10.Pricing:During Launch, the pricing of Note 6 Pro was a bit of a surprise because Note 5 Pro price was increased from 13999 to 14999 and the Note 6 Pro packs some nice improvements over the 5 Pro so a price increase of 1000 was expected. But instead, Xiaomi launched it at 1000 less i.e. 13999 which was fair enough or good pricing. But as of now when the price dropped for another 2 to 3 bucks, its really a great deal for this phone. Rating: 8/10.Camera:When Redmi Note 5 Pro launched earlier this year, it had one of the best camera in its price range and now Note 6 Pro comes with an improved camera. The aperture and pixel size has improved which means you are going to see a lot of improvement in low light pictures. In earlier tests, the camera performed well and exceeded our expectations.The front camera now gets a secondary sensor for portrait mode pictures. The performance of front camera is good as well. Pictures looks sharp and colorful with good amount of details. The dynamic range wasn’t great though.The camera is impressive. Few camera samples are included in this review, more samples will be added on the final review on our website. Rating 8.5/10.SummaryOverall, Redmi Note 6 Pro is a well-balanced smartphone at 13999, we think it offers good value for money. If you have a budget of around 15000 and need a phone with good build, good cameras, excellent battery, loud speaker, fast charging then Note 6 Pro should be your choice.If you need a better-looking phone and can compromise with the camera quality and battery backup, then Realme 2 Pro and Honor 8X are good options.If you already have the Note 5 Pro, then you should skip the Note 6 Pro as it is not that big of an upgrade.\n', '\nGoood\n', '\nNice\n', '\nOverall performance good.\n', '\nI bought it for my father and has given best results.\n', '\nGood\n', '\nReally those who love redmi Phn I like those features and camera quality is also gud..Love it\n', '\nWill all CNN press DHL celeb loudly do\n', '\nGood\n', '\nPrice wise its good but product wise not that much quality product.\n', '\nBadddddddddddd\n', '\nExcellent phone. Served me for 3 years\n', '\nGood product\n', '\nVery nice 👌\n', '\nNice product\n', '\nHey guys this is TECHBORED! and this is unboxing and also will adding some camera shots.-----------------------IN THE BOX-----------------------1. Manuals with warranty information.2. Charging cable.3. 5V 2A power adapter.4. Transparent TPU case.5. Redmi 6 Pro.----------DESIGN----------1. The transparent case fits well and is a perfect fit. Gives nice feel in hands.2. It comes with a notch that is small and I really liked it, At least Xiaomi has tried to cut out the bezels at this budget segment.3. It sports a FULL HD + display with that 19:9 aspect ratio.4. On the top of the phone there is this infrared sensor secondary noise cancellation microphone and wow there is this 3.5mm headphone jack. Always happy to see this port.5. Now moving to the button than there is this micro USB port situated with microphone and the speaker that is loud but decent sounding speaker.6. Redmi 6 Pro body is made up of both metal and plastic. So this is only where metal is used but on the top bottom and on the sides it is plastic. Also the sim tray is made up of plastic. Buttons are made up of metal thats nice and gives very nice feedback.----------------------------DUAL 4G STANDBY----------------------------There is DUAL SIM with dual 4G standby so you can use both sims on 4G at same time. And here is agood thing that I liked about this and it is that it has dedicated Micro SD card slot.---------------------------FACE UNLOCK---------------------------There is also the finger print sensor that is fast enough to unlock and it also come with this face unlock that is pretty fast and I think it is very much secure. At least it will not be unlocked with your pictures.-----------------------CAMERA SETUP-----------------------1. The best thing that Xiaomi has put in to this Redmi 6 Pro and it is the same camera setup as on Redmi Note 5 Pro. So it has 12Mp with 5mp dual camera setup with aperture of 2.2 and the single LED flash in the middle. Just now I cannot tell in detail that how how camera performs but I have included some shots that are taken on Redmi 6 Pro and I think they are nice, decent and are almost the the same as on Redmi Note 5 Pro.2. This camera setup can record upto 1080p videos at 30fps and it supports EIS and the videos are not much shaky and EIS performs well. Where as on the front is 5MP with aperture of 2.0 camera and its decent.-------------------HARDWARE-------------------1. So it is powered with the same old Snaprdragon 625 and I think think that it is good for the budget smartphones for now and it performs well on this smartphone.2. Redmi 6 Pro is backed up with 4000mAh battery that is great.3. Running on Android 8.1 Oreo and on the top of that there is custom MIUI 9. It will soon get a stable update of MIUI10.4. So the Redmi 6 pro comes in 3GB RAM with 32GB internal mermory and 4GB RAM with 64 GB internal memory variants.\n', "\nHiI have brought this phone on THE GREAT INDIAN SALES Oct 11. Order got delivered on 15th October..This is the honest review after one month of usage.I know lot of people are too lazy to read such a long para review and thus for those People I give a three line review..This phone is definitely a best phone only to got it for a price of 10k. Don't go for the 4GB ram varient which is 13k, instead go for redmi note 6 pro which is about 14k to 15k..And the Detailed Review is as follows as*Design*:Design is simply superb.. Phone is cute and this black color is even Sexy*MIUI*:  I am stock android lover and am new to this miui.. At 1st i struggled, later i loved this UI. XIAOMI promised me MIUI 10 but i haven't received yet..*Battery* : Battery ahh nothing to say am astonished this is the 1st time i am charging once a day.. Thnx to the huge 4000mah battery..Charging time : 2 hrs 10 min from 15% to 100%And it last minimum 1 day and maximum 1.5 days ( even 2days depends upon usage)But the charger wire is short, needs special place and arrangements for charging..*Camera* : This is a place where I get disappointed.. Yes camera is average.. Rear camera has good hardware but the portrait shots are below average.. Front camera uses software to create portraits and it is more better than the rear camera.. The camera is the only place where this phone fails to meet expectations..May be XIAOMI can fix it by a update..*Performance* :Yeah XIAOMI uses SD 625 here little disappointed but ok for this price segment.. Using for a month i didn't face any lag, heating issue etc..*Security* :This phone has face unlock and it works well even in slight dark atmosphere and the finger print sensor is Lightning Fast...*Conclusion* :This phone comes with all sensors and IR BLASTER is rocking.. I control everything with this phone... MIUI gives more custom options..I exchanged old phone and got this phone.. I got lot of offers for this phone.Thus 11k phone i got for ₹5000 appoxAlso I got free screen replacement for one yearBut for othersU can get it for 10k using any bank offer..It's worth every penny even for 10k..But i wont suggest the 4Gb varient which is sold for 13k.. Instead u can go for other optionsThank you ❤\n", '\nGood\n', '\nPhone is good but battery is not so much good as expected\n', '\nBought this after researching for the best phone as per the use. It is still working good.\n', "\nDisplay'notch' display - superb contrast, good brightness levelsMIUI is one of the better, more refined, and more optimised Android UIs around, and is packed with many features and customisation optionsOne of the issues with MIUI in recent times has been the annoying ads in MI's own apps.PerformanceSnapdragon 636 which is still very good for the classCameraExcellent set of dual rear cameras at the back, which improve upon the already very good cameras of the Redmi Note 5 ProThe rear cameras perform well regardless of the conditions you’re shooting in - Low light, artificial light, portrait shots, landscapes, it’s got you all coveredVery good set of dual cameras on the front as well - selfies taken with the Redmi Note 6 Pro have good details, and the edge detection in portrait mode is good tooOverall, the Redmi Note 6 Pro is now arguably the best camera experience under Rs. 20, 000Video recording on the Redmi Note 6 Pro is decent but maxes out at 1080p which is a bit disappointing, considering that other smartphones in this price range are capable of 4K video recordingBatteryExcellent battery life with a 4000mAH battery packThe phone also has support for Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 but Xiaomi only ships a 10W charger in the box - you will need to buy a quick charger separately to enable fast chargingConnectivityWi-Fi, 3.5mm audio jack, and micro USB portVerdictThe Redmi Note 6 Pro again ticks all the right boxes for a best-seller in its class and price segment, continuing a tradition of the Redmi Note line in terms of excellent value for moneyIf you want a very good all-rounder with best camera in the mid-range, you need to look no furtherHaving said that though, it's not quite a clear, outright winner as the Redmi Note 5 Pro was, simply because of the much tougher competition in this segment now - there is the Realme 2 Pro (has a much better take on how a notch should look like, and is more powerful with a SD660), the Xiaomi Mi A2 (No notch, Android One, all-metal design, SD660), Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 (better battery, arguably better value for money), and the Motorola One Power (Android One, better battery) - so all in all, there are lots of good choices around\n", '\nGood luck\n', '\nafter some time camera quality khrab ho jati hai phone look wise bhi acha nhi hai battery achi chalti hai par phone bhari bahut hai.\n', '\nBest for using\n', '\nGood\n', '\nDisplay kamjori h\n', '\nकमजोर बैटरी\n', '\nThe mobile phone is good n battery life is also good n usage n storage is also best\n', "\nNetwork(5Star)- Netwrok recognition is very fast. Even in weak network areas , provide very good connectivity. In my  lenevo VIBE k5 it was a big issue. This Red mi phone detect the network automatically very fast. It's very  helpful when you need to go through any area where network is a big problem.Charging(5Star)- Always use the charger provided by the manfuacturer. It's charge my phone in record time in 2-3 hours.Heating(5Star)- No heating issue I faced yet.Display(4Star) - Display widht is slightly small but it's no issue for me. However some people may find it unuseful.Body(5Star)- It's metal body and have some weight so it's give good feeling when you hold it on your hand.Slots(5 Star)- It has 2 sim slots and a dedicated slot for SD card(memory card). It's dual standby so no need to change the  sim to change the 4G network.Camera(3 Star)- Camera isn't up-to mark so camera lover would be disappointed.  I wanted to buy Realme 1 because that phone has all these features with great quality and camera of  Real me 1 is too good. I have bought more than 3 phones for my family . But Oppo has stopped selling  that so I switched to Redmi 6 Pro.Battery Life(5 Star)- Battery life is very Good. It gives more than 1 days battery backup with normal usage.Android Version(5 Star)- Android v8.1 (Oreo) based on MIUIPerformance(4Star)- Snapdragon 625 battery efficient( It's not the latest)  Octa Core, 2 GHz processor  4GB RAM enough for daily use even we play the games.Notificatin LED is available as well. But it's on the bottom.Sensors (5 Star) - All the sensors are very fast .Lag (5 Star) - No lag with multi app running background.Finally I got it on deal at Rs.10,000 So it's best for me however I wanted to purchase Real me 1(Oppo) .\n", "\nNow using the Redmi 6 Pro for a month, here's my honest feedback.1. Battery life - This is something worth mentioning. Battery life is excellent in Redmi 6 Pro. It almost gives me around 1.5 days of juice in low use and 1 day approx in high usage. The lowest life I did record was around 18 hours. P.S. my phone is always connected to a 4G network with data on.2. Display: Colours are vibrant and viewing angles are decent. The 18:9 notch screen is vivid and FHD videos are a joy to watch. Tried to play a 4K content which was downscaled yet the quality was excellent. Only small issue is the display has an off-white-ish tint which id a bit let down.3. Dual SIM+ Dedicated MicroSD slot - Unlike the hybrid slot, this device boasts a triple slot, a rare sight in high-end devices. This allows me to use 2 SIMs as well as a MicroSD at one time. Used a 128GB SanDisk card to test and it worked flawlessly.4. RAM management - I tried multiple apps in one time to test the tenacity of the device. With 1.7GB approx free of 3GB in standard use, multiple apps use showed 1.1GB free. Even then the apps were working fine, very less lag and smooth user experience.5. Camera - With dual camera at rear, the photos were good if not best. But low light performance is poor. Too much noise and camera app needs basic enhancement (which I expect in MIUI10 update coming soon). The front camera is no deal breaker yet takes decent snaps in proper light condition and not so good in low light. However portrait mode works excellent and the bokeh is good in both rear & front camera.6. Sound - speaker is mono yet loud. Sound is not jarring and maintain a balance. Loudspeaker on call is decent.7. Face unlock - this new feature only works excellent if in proper light condition. This face unlock doesn't work in low/no light condition.8. VoLTE - HD calls are excellent. No problem at all.9. Connectivity - Wi-Fi & Mobile data both have excellent performance.I recommend this device highly. Expecting better camera performance in later updates.\n", "\nOK. Why did I choose this phone?Ans:- My old phone was 2.5 years old. It battery life is getting low. Though i had a power bank i need phone which has bigger display within compact size, better battery backup, nice display, average camera, average processor, bug free user interface.So, How the phone performs?*Design is awesome. Lookwise, the phone is a beauty.* Display is superb. You should have a look @poi which is 434. Even flagship oneplus doesn't have this much pixel density. Not even note5pro,note6pro, & pocophone all have lower ppl than this.Now you can understand the display quality of this phone.* Notch:- This s d first mi phone with notch. Loving it.* Battery:- You get a good battery performance depending upon your usage. It'll give you one full day if you're a heavy user. Moderate usage ll get you 1.5 day. Low usage can deliver2 day battery as Xiaomi claims.* Camera:- Rear camera is good. Front camera is decent. Stay away if you're a camera lover. This s not for u.* Processor:- SD625 eventhogh its old its gold. does the job without lags.multitasking can be done effortlessly. Thats what i do. I don't play much games. From what ive used, i say the performance is good.* Heat generation:-(no one post this as seperate topic...lol) yes. Sometimes its getting hot while charging. But not when you put it to heavy tasking. I think im OK with it.* Fingerprint sensor is OK... But face unlock is bit unreliable...* Touch sensitivity is good though wanting more...Now coming to important topic...MIUI:-Mi is known for quality hardware with flawless software at cheaper pricetag.Nowadays it seems mi has lost that magic touch once Samsung phones believed to have(during early 2010s)...* the specs arent pleasing expect note5(6)pro( i think mi wants to sell note pro series only) other than that none of the mi phones make sense nowadays.Mi says they are making only 5% profit of their hardware sales. But that doesn't justify to permit ads in system apps(eventhough its blockable).No major change in miui.and miui10 upgrade isn't that much enjoyable in this phone. Thereare bugs. So, do not update miui10.\n", '\nLike its\n', '\nMi phones have a lot of advertisements now, that are everywhere on all the useless extra software they install (it helps them make a little bit of money )Takes quite some time to follow a thorough internet guide to sit and uninstall all the bloatware apps one by one and then denying them permissions to flash advertisements individually. In fact It makes you wait 10 seconds per app to revoke permissions for collecting your data and then flashing adverts.Since this is a known issue.. whoever buys it should be tech savvy enough to go about turning such stuff off or take the help of a tech savvy friend to do the same.Once the phone is setup by a tech savvy person.. its hardware software combo is shockingly good for the price. It just works.. and efficiently.. Much more than a day of mixed usage.Even if you do not remove all the adverts that keep flashing.. the battery life is good, but then the adverts are ANNOYING. Even the System Cleaner software advertises tons of flashing junk Adverts after its done cleaning!But it for the battery life, And severely good hardiness which is better than the basic 6 because it is thicker to house the larger battery and fairs very well in all the strange drop test videos i saw on the internet before deciding to purchase this model.The MIUI interface is super smooth as usual, this is my 4th MI phone purchased and I also use a their TV and the incredible wifi router (which again has unbelievable software based options only available by brands selling at 5 times higher cost). So yes, this being the 6th Mi product i bought since 2014, I trust the quality.Only issue is you really have to get all tech savvy to get rid of the advertisements. I wish MI stops doing this new trend, there are too many adds. the Finger Print sensor  and face unlock, both work well and even though earlier I had ignored using them before, its a much happier faster experience to use it. However it is not as fast as the flagship models. But not a deal breaker.All in all i would like to say.. The first Redmi 1s i had bought in 2014, still looks brand new and works (but battery life went down and MI does not sell battery for that model after 5 years now) Based on that I expect this one will last 3 to 5 years aswell if treated right.\n', '\nOld are going through some reason..\n', "\nI've been writing this review after using 3 years , The overall my experience in this phone is i feel like the battery life is not upto the mark that company is claiming .after 100% it runs a day(max) .and the charging also took too much time . the only issue in this phone is charging and battery capacity and other all are okay. If u want between 10-15k then i recommend u this phone other wise there are better than this phone too .\n", '\nLike\n', '\nAmazing product inthis price\n', '\n1. ScreenFirst of all this notch screen,its a full HD+ display doing justice with this notch hype,and actually this is the best thing about the phone,super bright and crisp colors,I,comepared it real me 2 pro,it has only HD display so you can only run max up to 720 content.So its a really good display deal at this price point with notch and nearly edge to edge screen.2. PerformanceIt has snapdragon 625 with clockspeed of 2.0GHz and adreno 506 GPU,if you dont get it than it means you can nicely run PUBG in low.And dont buy the 3/32 option,its not worth it,4/64 is worth that extra 2k stretch,this how you can use SD 625 to its limits.Its comes andorid Oreo 8.1 and you will get an update of android P.MiUi 10 update is coming soon3. CameraThis is the only down side I found till now.Its really bad and outdated,primary camera is 12+5 mp and there is nothing in the image quality from you can say is a dual camera,there a portrait mode but its just a name with very little work.front camera is even worse,its a 5mp single lens and I think its the same xiomi is giving from redmi 4.Not at all adequate.And no portrait mode on front camera.Though I am not a camera person All I can say about this camera is Functional.That is it.4.BatteryIt is a 4000mah lithium polymer battery which is fairly adequate for 1.75 day of use over wifi and 1 day over mobile data.Takes 1.5 hr to full charge from 0.Battery life is really good.At the end it is a good experience for me because latest android good processor decent RAM ROM,and a good better life to support all this.But Camera is not good I repeat camera is really not good.(Spell check and autocorrect has done everything to ruin this review together, still somehow I managed to finish this review,so please Avoid grammatical and spelling mistakes.And appreciate the efforts by an upvote.)\n', '\n1.  It is a good budget phone in 11k, the main part is excellent battery life, camera is ok not so bad and good too, but the miui features are always great than stock android, built quality is also good#. MAIN POINT IS IT SUPPORT DEDICATED MICRO SD CARD SO GO FOR 11K 32 GB VARIENT IT IS VALUE FOR MONEY, DONT GO FOR 13 K 64 GB VARIENT IT IS NOT VALUE FOR MONEY INSTEAD OF THAT U CAN GOR NOTE 5 PRO FOR 15K2.  Not support fast charging, but charging speed is also good not so bad at 5 volt 2 amp. We can say its semi fast charging technolodgy and it is good.3.  some featues like full screen gestures are too good, this is miui 10 features but you can get in miui9 in redmi 6 pro.4.bottom speaker is ok not too good as well as bad but the earphone speaker is great,5. Does not supprt dual volte but that was not a big issue i use gio sim for volte so that was not a big issue for me,6. Back camera is good, in front u can get a 5 mg pixel camera but friends you get 4000 ml amp battery and miui so it was great. camera is not a big point for me i preffer features first. but i didnt said camera is bad, its ok7. Built quality is excellent, it feals so stylish in hand8. Processor is 2 years old realeased snapdragon 625 wich not bad in my opinion at this price.( I MEAN ONLY IN 11K PRICE NOT FOR 13 K)9.face unlock is also ggod fingerprint scanner is too goodOk at last i want to say it is very good phone in 11k for those who are looking for a battery and feature of miui. (Not for 13k 64gb Varient it is not value for money).\n', '\n5 saal se yehi phone chala rha hu.Mai or meri wife dono.Badhiya hai ankh band krke Lelo.But delivery se pehle check krlena.Samjh rhe ho na itni dhyan se mat padho...😜\n', '\nExcellent 👍\n', '\nValue for money\n', '\nNice\n', '\nNice phone but now we are having lot of product in the market\n', '\ngood product for useable\n', '\nBought this phone as a surprise gift for my wife on her birthday last month and before the start of Great Indian Sale on Amazon. I believe I bought it in the 1st flash sale only on 2nd October. Amazon Pay EMI experience was smooth and delivery was quick as always. Posting this crisp review after a month use of Redmi 6 Pro (3 GB/32 GB).Pros:1) Brilliant full HD display2) Good build quality3) Great Network reception4) Seamless 4G connectivity on both SIMs5) Fast Snapdragon 626 Octacore processor6) Good RAM management (No Lags)7) Good primary camera (13+5 MP) with added features8) IR Blaster (Universal Remote)9) Greater Gaming Experience (PUBG & Asphalt 9 with no lags)10) MI UI 9.5 gives good overall user experience including a greater battery management.Cons:1) 5 MP Selfie Camera at a starting price point of 11 K is totally unjust.2) No wide angle lens on front cam3) Front cam sensor could have been better to counter RealMe 24) The 2 cam setup in primary camera fails to generate great pictures with depth (Bookeh) effect.5) Secondary 5 MP depth effect cam is not integrated well to generate greater depth effect (Expecting a camera software update soon for improved experience).6) Primary camera sometimes struggles to focus on non-human object while taking still pictures7) Single speaker could have been a bit better8) 5.84 inch FHD screen is good but a 6 inch screen could have been much betterOverall its a good phone considering the fact that its the very first phone from MI with a notch screen however it certainly lacks that one great punch in front camera department. At least a quick software update is must to enhance the overall quality of the images produced by its 5 MP selfie cam.\n', '\nVery good product\n', '\nGood product\n', "\nHi Guys ,Impressed with Amazon !!!!!I ordered the product on 2nd October and got it delivered on 3rd October Morning !!Very Fast Delivery !!Let's Talk about the phone-Display- Quality of display is good for the price you are paying but there is type of yellowness in colour reproduction which is in warm toneRating- 4 out of 5Performance - The Performance of the phone is good which is all because of Snapdragon 625 but it's litle outdated atleast Xiaomi should go for Snapdragon 630 but still good at its priceRear Camera-Rear Camera is excellent and is the best camera you will gonna find in 10K Price Range. It has a 12 MP Sony IMX 486 Sensor which is however same sensor used in Budget Flagship Redmi Note 5 Pro with 1.25 um pixel size which is largest you will find in 10K Price Segment and have an aperture of F/2.2 which is also good for price. Colour Reproduction is at point of device. Impressed with Camera Performance . It also has portrait mode which is best in 10K Price segment better edge detection and real blur effect compared to other phones in segmentBut I had some focusing issues when focusing at nearer objects but still I will rate it 5 out of 5Front Camera -Front Camera of the phone is a shit !It is Just 5 MP with poor low light performance and full of noise at night !But average camera at front but still is OK for PriceRating - 3 out of 5Battery -Battery is good of the phone which is of 4000 MAH and all thanks to power efficient Snapdragon 625 used in it !! But still you demand more you can go for Asus Zenfone Max Pro ME with 5000 MaH BatteryRating - 4.5 out of 5Build -Build and feel is good although it's heavier but u will get used to it in few daysMetal Back and Notch is goodThere is plastic at top and bottom of the phone at rear which is in case good for sensors and call reception because radio waves can easily penetrate through Plastic then Metal that is why call quality is also good!Rating - 5 out of 5SpeakersSpeakers are also loud and good but lacks base but still for price it's goodRating - 4.7 out of 5Overall Phone is good !\n", '\nGood... ordered for maa & she likes it\n', "\nI've lost my note 5 pro, so review may compared with note 5 pro..this review is after using 4 months,i've unlocked ,installed bloat_free miui 10 rom,magisk ,v4a, Google cam.. ( so miui specific features and performance i wont review)CAMERA -3/5..front camera is worst ,no detailing ,softened pics most of time(beauty mode is off), low light performance is worst, even in evening light u cant take sharable photos.... (google camera mod doesn't work with front camera, so no comments)Rear camera- stock cam app- it takes good avg photos in daylight ,not stunning or eye catching through.Google cam mod- this makes entire world of difference through, the detailing lighting is great with gcam, Night vision also works great , portrait shots with gcam sometimes cant detect edges properly and only works with human object/faces ..(if u comfortable with unlocking rooting, go do it and install gcam mod, may void warranty through)Display - 4.5/5clearity is superb here. switching from note 5 pro, 6pro's display produces great colors, brightness levels are also upgraded.Notch-space around the notch is kind of useless ,it always shows network,battery and clock all the time, And doesn't show any notification icons,u have to drag notification drawer.BATTERY -4/5backup is great ,on normal usage easily last 1 and half day.Sound- 4/5loudspeaker /main speaker- sound is clear,somewhat deep, and has avg level of loudness, no problems here.Earpiece/incall speaker-its small speaker but i would say quality is great, loudness is also above average , speaker is upgraded here.Earphone Jack- sound amplifier for jack is great ,i've used sennheiser CX-213, ..( install V4A with well know profiles, root and unlocking required here)I wont recommend this device as it doesn't worth 11k, instead go for note 5 pro.\n", '\nBahut hi Achcha phone hai tikau phone hai aur is Phone ko Lene se value for money per mahsus Hota Hai\n', '\nNot good\n', "\nAbout the phone:Android Version:*Android v8.1 (Oreo) based on MIUIPerformance*Snapdragon 625 battery efficient*Octa Core, 2 GHz processor*4GB RAM enough for daily useDisplay*5.84 inches (14.83 cm)*1080x2280 px, 432 PPI crisp display*IPS LCD beautiful colourCamera*12 MP + 5 MP Dual Primary Cameras*LED Flash*5 MP Front CameraBattery*4000 mAh 1 day+ battery life*Non-Removable*4G Supports Indian bands*VoLTE*64 GB + 256 GB Expandable*Dual SIM: Nano + Nano*Dedicated Micro SD Slot*Fingerprint sensor*USB OTG SupportReview:Overall the phone feels bit heavy given the small form factor, which indeed feels good in hand. Camera performance is average. Processor SD 625 is aged not the latest (but still good). Battery life is sufficient. SIM ejector pin is too small may get lost (careful!). Has got a notification LED on bottom. Has most of the decent sensors (Compass, Step, Gyro etc.). Has IR Blaster.The phone looks identical to other Redmi phones. The display is the main attraction.Overall performance is average, don't expect huge from this phone at this price segment. Good for average user.\n", '\nBest battery life\n', "\nafter using two weeks i just analyse that it is a average phone in this price catagory. price should not be more than 10,000/- for this phone.here i analyse some pros and cons of this phone after countinious using of this phone.PROS:-1.screen resolution is preety good 1080 x 2280 pixels, colours contrast also very impressive.2.two days battery backup if  you not playing heavy games on it like PUBG.3.Snapdragon 625 is old but till now it's performance is awsm ,you did not face any lag in games in low graphic  setting.4.camera pictures quality is good, also portrait mode captures the good depth effect in photos but only in Day light condition in night you will face high noice in pictures5.front facing camera also have AI depth effect it not too much good but you can take good selfy in day light condition.6.process optimization in this phone is good.7.there are a little notch which increase the looks and design of phone.CONS:-1.one thing i hate in this phone is its notifaction bar, you will not get all notification on top bar, every time you need to scroll down the ntification bar to see app notifications. net speed meter is also not shown and no whatsapp icon notification on the top of the bar. because of the notch on the screen.  Mi company should  needs to fix these minaor issues by new updatess.2.Downloading process in background is little bit slow in this phone as compare to other redmi phones.3. video recording quality of this phone is not good.4.only 5MP front facing camera and quality is very average. in this price segment there are  many phones avilabe which have better front cameras.\n", '\nPros:1. Cheaper than other brands with same configuration2. Camera (front & back) quality is good3. Fingerprint unlock is good4. Looks professional, sleek and light weight5. User friendly interface6. Came in excellent packaging without any damageCons:1. Battery for first year was good.  But post that it starts to drain fast even with minimal usage / idle time2. Requires mobile phone case / protector because rear camera is aligned with body and hence if kept on table / other surface, the lens would get scratches and thus making the camera unusable.3. There are multiple Mi apps that are installed by default by the manufacturer and runs in background (probably would be collecting and sharing personal data) which cannot be stopped or uninstalled.\n', '\nReview after 1 week.Battery🔋: Take 10hrs to consume 50%.Take 1hrs to charge 45% and after unplucking the chager it increase about 6% in 1.5hrs.Camera📷: Need to update in flash in night modedynamic range filter. Update in zooming qualityPortrait mode in back camera. Provide some cool features in photo and video modePerformance⚡: Really amazing can\'t feel that it is a budget phone📱.And I wish Micromax will bring other electronic gadgets, appliances and much more soon which make Indian to say prodly, " I\'m Indian".\n', '\nOsm phone\n', '\nFirst of all know that the phone is smaller than most of the other devices, so if you are looking for gaming, watching videos and entertainment look for a bigger screen, this is tad bit small and the effect of watching videos and playing games fades away.Also the loud speaker is low when watching YouTube videos unless you are in an extremely quiet room.The device is slightly laggy when it comes to the news feed on google now.Instagram and facebook work smooth.The screen is superb and vibrant full hd.The body is rigid and doesnt squeak at all.Cameras are only for well lit outdoors, otherwise performance is average.If you prefer a phone thats the size of an iphone 7 or very close to that, with bare minimum gaming and minimum indoor photos, slightly slower than the newer chipsets, with full hd resolution and vibrant colors with a notch in budget, consider buying this phone for the form factor, otherwise go for any of the note pro with larger screen size.This phone is cute and handy something which is unique in the market and light in the pocket.Important: there is no fast charging supported, takes approx 2 hours to charge the massive 4000mah battery.No scratch guard included only a low quality temporary tpu case.Go for the small form factor and the awesome screen quality, excellent call quality.No for the videos/movies/games.\n', "\nHello friends i am writing the review for this mobile which i bought on october.firstly i wld say i got the delivery as promised by amazon.Let me start with the looks and design.its a well built and good looking mobile at this range,its feels little bit heavy but its acceptable as its has a metal body and a 4000mah battery.now lets move to the display ,camera,performance and battery life.i am not a gamer on the mobile but i think it will handle the games well.the display is very very crispy and clear and the notch looks wow(i wanted to buy a notch wala mobile).the rear camera is upto the mark for this range and its has all the effects needed i.e bokeh effect,slow motion,time lapse,portrait mode.the front camera is also good even if its a 8 mp camera.the battery takes abt 2hrs to charge and last for one and a half day with semi normal use(only i dont play any game but wifi is on for whole day).i also see movies and listen to the song.well if u r looking for a smart fone till 13k with a good battery backup then u can go for it.thumbs up i.e 4.5 stars out of 5 for this fone.well if u frnds find my review helpful don't forget to give me a thumbs up.thank you.\n", "\nPROS:-1. screen quality good, 432 ppi make it really  crisp display2. easy to hold  in hand3. soc 625 is old but not useless even 2018 you will enjoy this, i  already installed and played most of the HD games available on play store  and those games play quite well4. moving on camera department we get 12+5 MP shooter which also performs well on daylight but however, it lags when it comes to night photography. we get video stabilizer too which give me a decent full HD video5. video and call quality is average.CONS:-1. at 11500 rs redmi should provide 4 GB of ram instead of 3 GB2. no miui 10 update3. we cant enjoy notch, seriously youtube, games, browsers do not show in notch only battery and time is displayed, so what's the point of the notch? at least they should give us an option to watch video on  fullscreen mode****** THE PHONE IS VERY SMALL COMPARE TO REDMI NOTE 5 PRO BUT IT FITS WELL IN HAND, OVERALL THE PHONE IS GOOD IF YOU GET IT BELOW 10 K THEN IT WILL BE KILLER DEAL, HOPE YOU READERS LIKE MY REVIEW, THANKS FOR READING , BYE :D\n", '\nPhone worked best during the first 6 months. After that the apps started lagging, and after 1.5 years of usage the device screen goes blank/black every once in a while while using it and the only way to get out of black screen is to turn the phone off.I had placed order for 2 of the same phones. The first phone is working fine while the second which I am reviewing now has been having these problem. The second phone also has network connectivity problem/performance since day one when compared to first phone. It lost network connection at times whe. The first phone worked without any problem on the same networks (Jio, Idea) while the second phone lost connetions at high density areas with same networks. This is a quality defect from manufacturers side which manufacturer is not ready to accept as it will need complete line/batch of products to be recalled and replace the device without charge to customers.\n', '\nGood\n', "\nI bought this mobile by exchanging my Samsung on5 pro from appario seller. i want to thank the seller because they have given the 2000 extra off-exchange offer ... overall my effective price is 6000rs.Now about the mobile.-first of all, I am flattered with the design and battery.-it has given me refreshing smartphone look after longterm usage of on5 pro. this is the first time I went outside of Samsung.-the notch n touch is just awesome.-both cameras were too good.-getting charge quick like 1hr some minutes and gives me 16 to 18 hrs of youtube..i.e. good battery life.-no heating and lagging issues.-sound quality is nice.-perfect weight and size to hold.-i using jio and idea...with jio i am experiencing fast net in my area that usually i  get bit slow ..i don't know which band it catching.-i slashed one star for the fake description of 4g dual standby... I am getting one sim with 4g and another sim up to 3g and also for not giving headset. apart from this drawbacks, everything else was great.-finally, at this price, it is the best smartphone.-----I will update if anything goes wrong----thank u\n", '\nGood phone at this price range of 9988 INR during great indian festival. Also get a 1100 cashback on my amazon pay balance thats why actual cost is 8888 INR.Iam using redmi note3 since 2.5 year thats an amazing phone. Compared to that display changes from full hd to full hd+.Its handy with 5.84" disply. Battery is same as 4000mAH. Back camera is good with depth effect bust sometimes focusing not get proper and video stabilizaton is just ok.Snapdragon 625 is a typical soc in note4 and some other xhiomi devices thats ok at this price. But front camera is not good in my personal openion same 5 MP camera used mi in my old note3. I think low light performance of from cam is not good compared to old note3 front cam lot of grains occurs in artificial light condition. For those who have selfi maniac dont go for it.I love the disply, battery, back cam, phone\'s design( its quite handy).Dont love the front cam, position of notification light, and lack of notifiction in the top of the on sreen and network operator.Overall its ok at this price range i alreay told you. My personal openion is go for it only when you get min 1000 offer price.Just⭐⭐⭐🌠\n', '\nI would have given 5 start for the productSize:- The size of the product is medium unlike other phones which are big, need to use our both hands, I felt it was easy to use in one hand.Battery Backup:- With 4000 lithium-polymer battery, you can continuously use the phone for 2-3 days.Processor:- Processor of the phone is very good in layman language YOU CAN PLAY PUBG without any problemCamera:- With 12+5 MP dual camera both normal and portrait mode looks fantastic. Best Pics can be captured in Day Light.Selfi-camera:- Looks pretty decent with 5MP cameraFinger print sensor:- It works just fine fast recognition, no problem in unlocking the phone.Touch:- Multi-Touch screen easy to useoverall I loved the phone.The reason I gave 4 star not 5 is that i bought the phone for 9999 RS it was on offer I thought after the offer period the price may go up instead the price went further down by 1000 rs that was a little bit disappointment.In short the phone is very good customer service form amazon was very helpful fast delivery.\n', "\nThe phone looks good and has a pretty good build quality. Has two bottom firing speakers and still has 3.5 mm jackScreen is full HD but is IPS LCD but has good viewing angles and yes the notchThe vibration (haptic feedback ) is pretty average in my opinionAlso the placing of led notification light is not pleasantcall quality and speakers quality seemed good.people usuing JIO 4G should know that Volte will only work if the default data connection is set to JIOcamera at least for me it was the major disappointment  below average camera performance . there is no point in providing 2 cameras. It doesn't add anything but the Bokeh effect.keeping that in mind daylight performance on whole could be said as passablefingerprint scanner and face unlock works finebattery is of 4000 mahcapacity  ( charging time is around 2.5 hours). for moderate users battery may last for 2 - 3 daysEven though it's claimed to support fast charging , Xiaomi supplies their normal 5 V ,2 amps chargerI bought this phone as an exchange to redmi 2 prime which was given 2700Rs as an offer.after bank discount i paid around 7500 rs and for that price i would say this phone is stellarOverall performance is snappy and so is the software.may be camera performance can be improved with software updatesOverall rating is 7/10\n", "\nWorth what is paid:-Being a first android phone , this piece is behaving very well in all the aspects be it camera or battery or performance.Pros:-Awesome backup time even with 4g browsing for an average of 6-7 hours a day gave 1.5 days of battery lifeCamera quality is decent enough to pass the most required details and front cam is what appealing to me in terms of video calling.Dual sim and extra card slot is best 8n the class.Finger print is fast enough to open and switch between the dual space.Functionality of dual space is decent enough to run both business and personal accounts of whatsapp and other apps easily.Notch design is good enough for the latest gadget savvy seekers.Cons:-Notch display management should have been easily made.It could have came with screen guard too.Headphones in the package will make it worth five stars, as it's not bundled with the package, i am giving four stars.Verdict:-Matching performance with the advanced phones for the necessary day to day activities and fits in the affordable range, go for it if you need a budget all rounder.\n", "\nI bought this for my brother. As of now I couldn't find any disadvantages on this mobile. Some people may say this is little bulky. Yes it is. But I couldn't find it as a prblm. Bcoz it easily fit on my hand and pockets (in both matter(size & money☺️)). First of all I want to say u say, u can't get a dslr like picture with ur mobile which priced under ₹25,000/-. We should look for the mobile which could give u a better performance, bathery backup, handy....etc. Some people would say that the processor is outdated! That is ridiculous! Bcoz those people who hv been using 'redmi note 4' and other mobiles which powered by SD 625 wouldn't give u any shit on the performance of their gadget. Here's also I could feel the same thing. U can throw any damn things to it, it executes all them very smoothly!!I really love redmi products. My wife and I hv been using redmi note 4 for last 1 and half years. Recently I bought a Redmi TV too. TV is also working very smoothly!!☺️👍👍 thanks redmi team.. i Love U..The above said things are my personal experiences. I'm not promoting redmi company.\n", '\nThe Red color looks tacky. Guess I should have bought black instead. The phone feels somewhat cheap in red to be honest. I understand Xiaomi did not supply headphone with this phone. I also feel they should have not supplied with the cheap *** and flimsy phone case (Its an insult lol).  Why even send it. Its very generous of Xiaomi India !! Thank you so much (If I will spend Rs.600 on a head phone then surely I can spend another 200 on a half decent phone case).The screen is awesome!! So is the battery! User interface is not confusing unlike other brands but I will miss Google Now Launcher which gives lesser mortals feel of stock android (Google stopped providing for newer Android OS). Camera is good.This is my 1st Xiaomi phone and I am somewhat happy (damn you red color) with it. And maybe I had higher expectations on the back panel.\n', '\ngood\n', '\nI brought this phone (Redmi 6 Pro) from amazon and as of now it is 3 months running.The very first impression after purchase was : phone gets heated while charging ... Yes the phone gets a little heated during charging. The impression after 3 months of use is: good phone at this price. I am not a damn crazy user of phone. I use it for daily purpose works, I m sure still there are a few features left over which i have not explored yet. For me so far it is good. Sometimes I face problem with the finger print sensor, it fails to read / detect the registered fingerprint.Over all impression : if you are an average user and want to buy a good phone within 10k range, Redmi 6 pro can be considered (4/5)Suggestion: I have purchased the 32 gb memory one. If you want to click more and more pic/video, then go for the higher memory range one. Because the each pic (clicked in this phone) consumes almost 1 mb, in that sense 32gb quota will finish sooner and phone performance will also get degraded.\n', "\nFor a net price of 6.3k, it's a good deal for me. However, 11k is definitely an overprice for this product. I'll share a brief review of this phone.PROs:-1. Display is bright and vivid. Sound is pretty loud. Excellent.2. Phone is lightweight. Definitely feels small for a 5.84 inch screen, thanks to 19:9 aspect ratio. Metal back is good too. Design Excellent.Tip: Go for red, looks very attractive and premium.3. Primary camera is great in the price bracket. Front camera not so. Decent.4. Battery life is long. Lag free experience. Very Good.Now, for the cons:-1. Software and apps not completely optimised for the notch. Will find bugs here. Ok.2. No dual volte support i.e., no 4G on both sims together. Gorilla Glass lacking. Poor.3. Not for selfie lovers. Front camera is nowhere near Note 5 Pro.Conclusion: It doesn't stand out, as such, in any particular aspect but does give a good combination of low and mid range fetaures. For average users- go for 3GB variant as it offers value for money. 4GB variant is absurdly priced given the camera quality and chipset (SD 625). Thumbs up will help.\n", '\nThough this phone have good screen, its speed and user experience is the worst.even for small stuff like changing the orientation of screen through autorotate, picking up a call, switching between apps, picture review after capturing etc. it took seconds. which is really annoying for such daily tasks.it hangs too much and is very slow for day to day operation. its bulky and weights a bit high. front cam is very poor like that of china phones. rear cam is pretty good but it takes quite a time for consecutive pictures.when u use external sd card it slows down even further.battery is big but din’t support fast charge so be ready for long charging schedules. its notch display management is very bad. for example the video plays with black space on both the side of screen. meaning no extended video play on notch like that of iphone.so notch is kinda useless. it works only to show different icons.at the end I wont recommand it.with all the good qualities it lakes very fundamental thing that is processing power.looks good but very irritating to operate.\n', '\nGood product\n', '\nUsed perfectlly but suddenly motherboard stopped working. Had to buy a new one.\n', "\nI am writing this review after using this phone for 2 months so that I can be sure that I am giving a right review for the product.pros:* phone has a std plastic body with a triple layer back panel* finger print reader at the back is fast and accessible.* phone feels solid in hand* includes a protective case in the box.* the screen is noticeably Sharper compared to 6 an d6A* 4000mah battery can easily last a day with heavy usage* audio quality via headphone and speak is average at best.* camera of this phone is best, image stabiliser for the video.* smooth performance* dedicated card slotCon's -* feels heavy in hand* no dual 4g VoLET* selfie camera is averageOverall value for money and for people who wants a decent phone with a good battery backup, this will be a good option.Good budget phone for students.\n", '\nGood product\n', "\nOverall it is Less featured than Redmi note 5 ProIf you wish to purchase this model, better choose redmi 6 which is lower priced than this model or else purchase redmi note5 proOne of the major drawback is ,it is using the old chipset and more in weight-177 Grams.Also the notch doesn't have a useful purpose.Its just a simple notch for attractive design onlyAlso doesn't support dual 4G VoLTEBattery is 4000 mah,thats good also have Face unlock featureProcessor - 2GHz octa-coreMade -Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Adreno 506 GPUstorage - 64GBRAM - 4GBRear camera 12+5-Phase detection autofocus-portrait mode PDAF, HDR, LED flashFront camera -5 with portrait modeDisplay-  5.84-inch capacitive touchscreen with 2280 x 1080 pixels resolution, 432 ppi pixel densityOS - Android 8.1 OreoSIM - dual SIM  nano+nano  dual-standby 4G+4GHave Proximity sensor, ecompass, gyroscope, accelerometer, IR blaster.In the box - Handset, Adapter, USB Cable, Warranty Card, User Guide, SIM Insertion Tool and Back Cover\n", '\nFor this price point, it is an amazing deal. Xiaomi really has done it again. Really fast midrange processor , paired with MIUI provides a almost iPhone level of smoothness. Battery life is amazing, with a monster 4000 mAh battery, this phone easily lasts for two days of charge. SOT (Screen on time) is about 7-8 hours of normal usage before the battery drains, meaning I could use this phone for hours and hours. Amazingly, T-Mobile LTE works perfectly on this device, and as well as 3G. Call quality is great, tons of memory, and a great screen makes this phone an amazing deal. There is even an option to "disable" the notch if you really wanted. For gaming performance, this phone is an absolute beast. PUBG Mobile, a very graphics intensive game runs smoothly at medium settings with no frame drops. This phone\'s chip is well cooled, and it won\'t fry your hand when playing intensive games. The snapdragon chip in here absolutely destroys other MediaTek equipped devices, and stomps on the older SD625. Good ROM support and a unlocked bootloader makes it very easy to ROOT and Mod to your liking if that is your thing.All in all, unbeatable value for a phone of this price. Is actually better that most phones twice, or even three times its price.\n', '\nBest cheapest quality of phone with value of money of middle class people.i realy suggest this phone who are in need of phone within budget. Which is specially designed for middle class family rough & tough use as per my experience.Thanks.\n', '\nmic issues\n', '\nAbsolutely useless. Typical Chinese product. Battery not available at their service centre.  Eventually sold it for ₹ 500 as scrap.\n', "\nA wonderfully built smartphone. And the battery life so far been amazing. The best thing about Redmi 6 Pro is undoubtedly the battery. Could easily get more than 3 days with moderate usage. The display is good but the notch could have been better. Picture and Sound quality are pity good but what disappointed me the most was the software part. I knew it was not stock android device and its the first time I'm using a Mi customised OS or anything but stock android but I wasnt comfortable with the customisation and there are some bugs in the software which prevents location broadcast alerts to be turned off in settings. At best I could block the notifications. I dont mind Mi providing its own user interface but it would have been better had the android launcher was also been offered. Atleast glad theres not much issues. Those who are used to MiUI wouldnt have much of an issue in any case. But having said that the performance is smooth and the device built quality is amazing!\n", "\nThis phone will surely handle day to day tasks and even some low end games that you throw at it (eg. pubg in minimal settings.) just don't expect it to outperform other rivals from different brands within this price range (on some aspects it does. read further.) surely it can take on any smartphone within this price bracket when it comes to battery life.I am using the 4gb ram/ 64 gb version and it met my need. this phone is surely a bank for the buck and high end gaming and camera should not be your priority when you are investing so little money.On the other hand as I mentioned earlier, battery life is excellent. the phone looks good and feels good in the hand. it's sturdy and suitable for someone with small fist.to sum up this phone is alright for regular use like launching basic apps, taking basic pictures and every thing basic. you can't go wrong with this phone if you are a regular user.  I am happy with my purchase. Kudos Xiaomi.\n", '\nI bought this model during Nov 2018 and yesterday I placed order for a new phone by availing exchange offer. I got Rs. 3650/- for this Redmi 6 Pro after about 2 years. There was not even a single reason to hate this phone, but it started flickering recently and hence the decision for new phone for my Father.My family is using 3 another Xaiomi phones, Mi TV and few accessories. Thank you Mi!!\n', '\nThe phone renders power for more than a couple of days with average usage of games and internet. The look is quite good and the notch feels good while using it. It is a complete replica of IphoneX, lol. The processor is SD 626 but still pretty good for home usage, I played PUBG quite a times with medium graphics and it did not lag at all.I would say  pretty good mid-range phone for gaming, the graphics look pretty good.The UI is again very very smooth, I own a Redmi 6 too and UI is much better than that. Go for a pro version if you are aiming for Redmi 6.Coming to most important feature, Camera. Am really disappointed with camera\'s performance. No Portrait mode in selfie. Back camera takes "good" picture in broad daylight while front takes average. The grains are clearly visible when zoomed.If you are not looking for a great camera, this is the best phone one could get in this price range with other minor features.\n', '\nVery fast and smooth fingerprint reader and battery life is very good camera quality is ok ok.\n', '\nBattery drainage is fast\n', "\nValue for money phone. However, the phone does not support two simultaneous 4G connections, one can be 4G while the other will have to be 3G. So can't use two Jio SIMs. When the world is moving to 5G, why offer only 1 4G connection on a new phone ? Am not sure if a software upgrade can enable us to use both SIMs with 4G simultaneously. Width could have been increased by another 1 cm similar to Note for a proper pocket fit. Length is ok. Charging cable is short and of mediocre quality. Plenty of storage, both for onboard and external memory. Decent performance for day to day needs. Anyway, it's a Chinese brand, so not much to talk about quality of hardware, software etc. Even though many other Japanese and American companies get their mobiles manufactured in China, the specs are controlled by the MNC company. So the quality of Iphone, Sony, are top notch and expensive. But for mass market consumption, Xiomi quality and price are accordingly matched.\n", "\nI recently purchased this phone for my dad. The phone doesn't get hang or heated. All apps works with ease. Its handy and I liked the notch display which gives a iPhone x like feel. Fingerprint sensor is quite fast. The display quality is also good while watching videos or pictures. When it comes to camera, its a big thumps down. Its just a basic camera with some software that smudges your picture to fool the user.rear camera is somewhat better during outdoor shoots, but when it comes to indoor or low light shoot, camera doesn't deliver as promised in their ads. I would recommend add more extra bucks and buy Mi A2 or if you just need a smartphone with all features and does not bother much about camera, then you can buy this one.\n", '\nthis phone i use last 3 year. this phone us value for money.\n', '\n3 yaers se use kr rhi hu abi tk koi problem nai h\n', '\nNo\n', "\nIts a very good phone for the price you pay.. a value for money phone.. Its 12999/- that you are paying. N do remember that the entire Redmi series has never laid us down. You have always got the trust factor of Mi.The SAR value of Redmi 6 Pro is 0.964 W/Kg for head & 0.780 W/Kg for Body and hence there is less radiation..Pl check the SAR (radiation) value of any phone before buying, it must be less than 1.6 W/Kg or else you are going to burst your head someday because of the excess radiation..If you need a better camera, go for Mi  A2 but be ready to compromise with the 3000 mAH batteryIf you need pure performance go for POCO F1, but it gives you somewhat similar rear camera combination as does Redmi 6 Pro..Redmi 6 Pro is a blend of all at affordable price, you get a massive battery, good camera, IR face unlock, Android Oreo 8.1, MIUI 9 & a descent qualcomm chipset on board.N do remember guys Redmi 6 Pro has expandable memory upto 256 GB which is the need of the hour with so much data all around us. Just imagine the total memory : 64 GB + 256 GB = 320 GBIts a competition for Oppo RealMe 2, n just beats it.. Remember RealMe2 has 206 ppi screen whereas Redmi 6 Pro has 417 ppi screen, so choose wisely.. n don't hesitate to spend those extra bucks..Overall, Qualcomm Snapdragon 626 chipset with 4GB RAM is a decent processor which will suffice all your multitasking needs with ease.Thank You,Akshay K.\n", '\ngood one from MI.\n', "\nThe most important thing about reme 6 pro is does provide a notch. It has old snapdragon 625 chipset but if you are looking for something stylish and reliable Redme 6 pro is a choice. It has 4000Mah battery which lasts for 1.5 day. It does run on MIUI not on stock android. Thanks to its design it gives a good grip. There is also blue light filter and option to tap the screen to wake up. The phone is responsive and decently fast. The camera performs decently well in its price range. Photos come sharp and crisp. HDR takes good 1-1.5 seconds to capture. But it struggles under low light. It automatically switches to low light mode. The portrait works very good. The selfies are rich and vibrant but it won't work well in harsh backlight though. The heavy games drain the battery faster. There is no quick charge support. It is overall good phone which can perform almost all functions within a cheap budget. Good luck buying one.\n", '\nABSOLUTELY AMAZED BY THE WAY XIAOMI HAS RUINED THIS PHONE!Pros:Good screen qualityGood battery lifeCons:1)Front camera is absolute crap, images are too noisy and blurry.2) Network reception. This is the biggest problem that I have faced with this phone.The network reception is just too weak. It keeps fluctuating alot and also it keeps changing between 2g and 4g .Call quality is also not that great, your voice sounds muffled to the other person. The earpiece is also not that loud.3) Performance : RAM Management has not been done well in this phone . Out of 3Gb , I just had 800Mb free out of the box.MIUI has ads. Who puts ads in the UI!?? This is absolutely ridiculous. The UI is not smooth ,it\'s laggy and glitches alot. 4)Rear so called "Dual camera" : The secondary camera is just a gimmick. It\'s just a depth sensor that comes into play when you take portrait shots. Many phones just do the background blurring in portrait shots using AI.Dual camera is just for name sake here.5) Build quality : This phone is not ALL-METAL!I\'ve seen some reviews mentioning that it\'s an all metal body. It is not , It\'s a polycarbonate body.6)Heating issues : Heats up alot when mobile data and location is turned on.FORGET ABOUT PLAYING GAMES ON THIS PHONE.WHEN IT CANT HANDLE BASIC TASKS , PLAYING GAMES IS JUST A DREAM.BASICALLY WHAT IN TRYING TO SAY IS : DONT BUY THIS PHONE. MY HONEST OPINION. I BOUGHT THE PHONE , IM SUFFERING.THERE ARE MANY BETTER OPTIONS OUT THERE. DONT EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS PHONE.\n', "\nawsome product. I am more than happy. great buy for me during festive season 10+10% discount from SBI & Amazon plus 1000 extra discount with exchange. SO overall great buy for me.about mobile its quite awsome with good built quality and good look. good battery life around 40 hours for with coc gaming and using interent contiuously in day hours. so gaming experience is good but there is little lagging while playing PUBG against all reviews on youtube because this little lagging destroys the whole gaming experice. also we can't except more for this price range, sound quality is great with earphone, good without earphone but not great, they have made it more noisy in effort to make it louder.however all good buy for me. thanks to amaon and thier amazing offers and pro customer behavious and service. However I don't know why they have closed reviewing on Redmi Y2 As I have bought that mobile also. which is also good mobile but lack HD screen.\n", '\nThough the phone is using hardware of its predecessor but packed in new display and body is giving it somewhat a closer look of iphone x . One can call it the cheapest replacement of an iphone x with almost similar user interface and unlock and emoji functions. The phone is lag free , good camera pic quality. I am not into gaming but multitasking is also lag free. Good response time. Though i got it as a non prime user so couldnt get the discount as amazon didnt give me one month trial subscription as the payment through debit card was reserved for only kotak and icici bank users, a big turn off and money making policy on behalf of amazon as debit card payment was open for 999 plan from any bank debit card. Overall the product is absolutely fine and also one thing the phone takes around 2.45 hrs to fully charge, bit of a disappointment. Otherwise this budget will meet your demand in many ways.\n', "\nWorth buy with this price.  Speed and performance wise its good for an average user.Some of the drawbacks are,1. Full screen option for apps makes it weird. If you open the whatsapp status, it is overlap with black shaded area on the top of the screen.2. Camera quality is very low and looks like normal VGA camera pictures.3. It doesn't have dual volte support at the same time. You have to choose sim for volte manually one at a time.Overall, its good for normal users who wants to often check the social media apps, some banking apps, food delivery apps, watching videos on youtube, hotstar and making few calls etc...\n", '\nhi, I AM FACING A BLUNDER ISSUE, THE EMEI NUMBER IS NOT REGISTERD OF THIS MOBILE, THATS WHY  I AM NOT ABLE TO REPAIR IT FROM MI SERVICE CENTRE. AND ITS VARY SAD TO SAY THAT I AM VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED\n', "\nI received a defective( in terms of hardware. The plug was not properly coated and wires were showing. I covered it with black tap)charger first of all but it was working and I had no time to replace it. But it's working. But then after few days a yellow spot or decoloration appeared on the screen. I had to get the screen replaced from the service centre. It was under warranty but still you don't want to visit the service centre so soon.Otherwise, performance wise it's going good. I play games like pubg without much hassle.Mixed reaction !\n", "\nThe good-Nice displayGood battery back upGood soundGood rear cameraSmooth n fast performanceFace recognition in dark alsoButton mirroring and full screen gesturesThe bad-Form factor - looks out of proportion considering length and width, bit thick; 19:9 ratio good for nothing as most apps doesn't support the feature, turning off notch to get 18:9 display doesn't work correctly, it hides part of display from top- that's the worst part of this phone.Front camera- beautify doesn't exist, unlike other mi phones, no AI for selfies, terrible photo quality.No USB type c !!!? No fast charging or chargerNo screen guard, only back cover - both are required and good quality screen guard not available in market for this phone. So should include both in package.Most apps don't support the poorly designed notch display, video streaming is terrible on YouTube - notch becomes useless.The ugly-Not up to MI set standard. It always felt getting more than the price paid for all mi products - I have used 7-8 mi equipments.This time it felt mi charged more than what it gave back.Feels like thoughtless design, they just made something with a notch because they had to have such a feature in their portfolio of products.MI 4 feels more balanced than this..Not good MI.\n", '\nbest android feature phone.\n', '\nVer good  phone . Friends Amazon is a very big company.  But soon after we buy products and we login next time, they are not giving any details about the product or what we have purchased. That means they are deleting the records and we will not have a proof of purchase. The bill they are giving with the product is with delible ink. The words will disappear in one or two months. How are we sure that the products are genuine and warrsnty is valid ?  Its a matter of concern.  Be careful.\n', '\n1. It has sleek looks, a black beauty!2. The shiny back cover is really superb, making the phone non-slippery.3. The 4000 mAh battery lasts quite long, while the charging speed is not high, like in other phones but does not matter to me.4. The 12 MP camera quality is really great and proves that the mega pixels rating is not the only parameter for excellent pictures!5. 4 GB RAM and 64 GB internal memory is more than my need and hence I have not bought a micro SD card!6. The screen - 2280 x 1080 pixel resolution and 432 ppi pixel density 5.84 inch screen is much better than most phones (except the high end ones, which are expensive).7. The phone is not too big to fit into any of my pockets.8. I have not experienced any heating issues, may be because my use is simple and limited. No games!9. It has fingerprint and face unlocking and many other latest features.The only missing essential is Gorilla glass protection, which will have to be bought. This is a minor issue to me.This phone is a wonderful deal at 10 K! Go for it!\n', '\n+++MOST SINCERE REVIEW+++(written after 2 weeks of hard usage)++++READ UPTO END++++The delivery was good, packing also.The product look,design, color etc is OK.++ABOUT ITEM++Dispaly is very good compared to my old phone.Notch,buttons etc are very good.Dual rear camera (13+5) images are good ¤*but front camera (5MP) is not upto the  mark*¤Audio system such as ringtone,videos etc is good.Fingerprint, face ID are OK.The box contents charger, pin, cable, transperant cover are all good.++ABOUT USE++works fast phone is much faster.No hang while operating with too many apps.No problem while playing PubG.Charging is much fasterBUT,**battery gets drained much faster **4000mAh battery is not much satisfactory compared with other phones with 4000mAh battery.The thickness of the phone is a bit greater compared with other new generation phones.All apps works good  in the device.Phone cleaning, virus scanning are very good.Watching YouTube, movies,hearing music are great.+++OVERALL  MERITS+++*Device is worth for 8,999 Rs*Good performance*Best for daily use*Rear cameras are good+++OVERALL DEMERITS+++*Front camera is not good*Thickness is a bit greater*4000mAh battery is not good drains fast while using.\n', '\n** Highlights **I have ordered this for one of my family member and he is using the product since more than 2 weekI am not sharing what is technical specification because it is already written in product catalog here,Here I am trying to share my honest review with you all here========================================What is inside ?- RedMi 6 pro- Charger- USB cable- Back cover and other normal items- No headphone========================================** Packaging **- It delivers by amazon and comes with proper protection, early delivery========================================** Positive items**- Metal body is good and robust, Notch screen is even fine and- Touch interface has no any problem- Color quality and screen display ratio is also awesome- Performance of the phone has high rating- Battery life is also ok and runs 24 hours if you are not using phone for Gaming- I did not find any temperature or mobile heating problem========================================** Negative items**- Does not coming with USB Type C========================================Pro tip**- I would suggest look for more alternative by searching online in this price,- This price range may have more option to choose from========================================If you like this detailed review then please hit Helpful button below========================================\n', '\nNo warranty from mi check imei number through mi service centre it will show warranty expired\n', "\nBought this phone for my Dad and I am hoping it is built well and can withstand falls and scratches:-)Most of the apps needed upgradation and when upgraded the OS it started giving issues like volume buttons not working, device hung issues. After factory reset the issue somehow resolved. Asked for a tech visit from Amazon to check the device on 15th Oct(received the product on 11th OCT)..Good response from Amazon..Also Redmi puts screen cover (which makes it difficult to view the screen and needs to be removed) in the front and no temperred glass hence you need to go to the market to buy tempered glass which is not good. Also no headphones in the box.Front camera is not good but that's okay for a 10k phone. Also the design is not exciting compared to VIVO and OPPO full view phones.Overall good budget phone under 10k and if your priority is Full view screen and good RAM and processor.\n", '\nVery good\n', '\nI have purchased this product for my Mom, below is my experience with the phone:1> It is sleek and easy to carry. Looks good appearance wise.2> The battery life is good. For normal usage it goes for 1 day.3> The 4GB RAM supports games of all kind. The graphics are good.4> Camera is one point I was not happy. Also in dim light the picture quality is not good.5> The finger print sensor works well and opens up the phone fast.I would recommend this phone if taking good quality pictures is not on priority list.\n', '\nThis was a fantastic launch by redmi since this was the only new flavour till today redmi launched after this all are like just change in body but rest all is same.\n', '\nCons:  1) Loaded will all sorts of ads and junk applications, Took me a few hours to clear them.  2) Camera (both) is poor, front is the worst  pictures are very soft and low quality.  3) Low light photography is bad.  4) Face unlocking is inefficient in low light and most times confuses me and my brother (we somewhat look 75% alike but) it should have been better.  5) 1.9 GB out of 3 will always be used. And you will have 1.1 GB or something do other tasks  6) Touch gets sometimes hard and needs a harder press.  7) Out of 32GB less than 25GB will be available for users.( but you can expand your memory with an SD card)Pros:  1) Look and build.  2) Speakers are loud and clear.  3) Fast and easy fingerprint reader.  4) Security and software support.  5) IR blaster and TV remote application can control almost all TV and electronics.  6) Not so bad battery.  7) Screen is good.\n', '\nValue for money\n', '\nGood\n', '\nAverage performance for average user.\n', '\nI bought the phone during the Summer Sale, so I got it for Rs 9,999/-. Though I was really disappointed just after purchasing it the price further dropped to Rs.8,499/-! But it\'s a worthy buy under 10K. Now coming to the phone, the colour I ordered was blue and it is beautiful. The feel of the phone is perfect. Those who don\'t want a "big" phony yet want to flaunt it, it\'s perfect for them. The 5.84 inches FHD+ display is fluid and vibrant. The 625 Snapdragon chipset is a reliable processor for fast multitasking. The cameras are just ok , 5MP in the front and 12MP+5MP rear setup. Although it has AI face recognition, I would suggest you to avoid it as sometimes it may lag under low light conditions. The fingerprint sensor is smooth, unlocks in a giphee. Now the best part of the phone is it\'s battery life, the 4000mAh high capacity battery is surely to deliver a long lasting service. It runs on MIUI OS which is easy to use and people are getting familiar to this nowadays. To sum up, the phone is a competitive contender under the 10K segment of smartphones.\n', "\nOver all it's an awesome product with this price. However, there is a little problem with the front camera. Back camera is really good. But front camera does not give proper clarity of the pictures. The phone is really good to click a picture at day time. But at night it won't give you satisfactory result even if there is high voltage light. The phone also has a lot of unwanted inbuilt apps that will consume your data balance very soon. If the quality of the front camera is little bit improved, it will be the best one to purchase.\n", '\nPROS:DISPLAY - Resoulution very good very crisp well saturated natural colur .PERFORMANCE - Performance of this phone very good , no lag , no heating issue fast experince , ram managment very good .CAMERA - 6 pro rear camera picture quality amazing , potrait mode such as a dslr*, low light imaging avg , video stabaliztion very good, slowmotion video good.Front camera very poor , daylight avg image but low light picture quality of this phone is very poor , noise is too much .BATTERY - Battery is very good , charging time 2.10 hours , backup time 16 hours continue net surfing.DESIGN - A good nitch display phone , little weighty , Back metal design very premium .CONS :Front camera very disapointing.Rear camera need little bit improvement .Mi UI 10 still unavilble in this device .\n', "\nI have been using this phone for past 9 days and overall the phone is good.You already know the spec and pros so I'll go to the cons directly.**Cons**>>The notch isn't perfect as there are software glitches for different apps in the notch area but it's nothing a new update cannot fix.>>The camera isn't fast enough in HDR mode but again this isn't something a new update cannot fix.>>The phone could've come with a screen guard preinstalled as is the case nowadays in all phones.>>Xiaomi should refrain from putting all the unwanted apps in the phone but luckily some can be unistalled and some can't be.>>The price is a bit on the high side or atleast they could have given a much more current processor.So overall go for this phone if you're not a gamer and is Looking for a decent phone with current specs(almost).*Winks ;)\n", "\nIt's one of the best notch display phones in this range.. Other two best phones in this category are Honor 9n and newly launched Realme 2 pro.. Realme 2 pro is a good phone, but don't know whether it will be on sale for atleast 2 seconds in the flash sale because of its high demand.. I prefer redmi 6 pro over honor 9n because of the reputation of Xiaomi brand.. From redmi 1s onwards I am using Xiaomi mobiles and they did not disappoint yet.. Now let's go through pros and cons of this mobile..Pros.------1. Superb display.. It's crisp, clear and bright.. you can not take your eyes off the display.. I am using LG G6 with 2k display as my first phone for last 1 year and believe me Redmi 6 pro's display is more brighter than LG G6..2. Powerful battery.. It is easily lasting for 2 days even after moderate use and full time on 4G..3. Nice design and build quality.. Even though  the bezzels are little bit thick compared with honor 9n still it looks more premium in looks.Cons-------1. Front camera is worst compared to other models..2. Bezels are little bit thicker than other notch phones3. Rear camera is just ok.. it works well in day light.. but in low light/indoors it disappoints you..\n", "\nNice mobile phone with good battery life. 4G VoLTE + 4G VoLTE was offered, (2 Jio Sims) but it was not supporting initially. Amazon offered an inspection and a total-illiterate guy came to check this device and failed to configure. Finally I've updated the software and the option to enable two 4G channels appeared. Happy with the device.very handy and size matches my expectations. I use a Samsung Note8 as my primary phone, camera-quality can never be compared it. At a cost of 8999/- it's worth owing!\n", '\nGood\n', '\nSound Quality is Very low\n', "\nI am using it for 8 months now.it really is a great mobile phone at this rate. But their is thing i noticed that the phone looks slightly smaller like 5 inch smart phones. And of course battery life is great but not that great . heating is not a issue it really doesn't exist unless you are doing  multiple tasks. Speakers are perfect. finger print scannner works very well . Notch on the top looks awful. But you can't get better notch at this rate. Display is in quite warmer colour but it would be nice if it was quite colder like redmi 4.gaming is good.camera quality is on other level if you using it in a right way.video quality is great.ram management is quite better than other smartphones in the market.overall 9.5/10(0.5 deducted because it looks smaller)\n", '\nAll ok\n', '\nPros- 1. Excellent Display 2. amazing camera in daylight 3. Perfect size for one hand uses, really compact 4. good for gaming, running pubg smoothly(medium graphics), SD625 is good enough for gaming. 5.Build quality is very sturdy 6. Sound quality is awesome over the earphones, as well as speaker.Cons- 1. Front camera is below average in indoor light 2. Dual VoLte is not available, I hope Mi will provide that in upcoming updates. 3. Ads in MIUI is really annoying, however this can be deactivated 4. Mi should have provided Pie update by now, however it still not avaliable.overall a good package uner 10k, specially who are tired of large display phones & looking for a compact one.\n', '\nPROS:1. Display is very sharp and crisp, even beats my earlier OP3 phone.2. Battery is a beast, I do crazy gaming and surfing but it still holds up till the end of the day with atleast 25% battery remaining.3. Very good processor, GPU and RAM, can play high end games in low/medium setting without any hiccups.4. Expandable external storage is a life saver for those interested in shooting long FHD videos.5. IR blaster with MI remote is a cool feature, my family are shocked as to how am controlling TV, SetTop Box and AC with this phone.6. Rear camera is good, takes sharp pics in good lighting conditions.7. Ringtone and speakers are fairly loud.Cons:1. Selfie camera which is 5MP which is still ok, but this is a budget phone for 11K, so obviously they would cut down costs with the camera.2. No fast charging support. It takes around 2.5 hours to charge the 4000mAh battery.FINAL VERDICT:If you are looking at a primary phone with well rounded package for 11k which has awesome display, battery and decent rear camera or a great secondary all rounder phone then this is the best in the market. If u are a selfie lover, strict no for this phone, better choices are MI Y1 or 2 for 1k more or other good selfie phones. Kudos!\n', '\nAfter using more than 2 months I am writing the review:Pros:1. Battery life is very good, gives more than 1.5 day after full change with mobile network and gprs on.2. Back Camera is good, specially the portrait mode.3. Notch full screen display is good, as the new technology.4. New MiUI 10 update is good for notifications.5. Phones full charged within 3 hours.Cons:1. Hangs 2 times among those 3 months, did force restart, then all become fine.2. Front camera is not good as expected.3. Phone became little hot and battery drains fast when using full GPRS with mobile network, but it is ignorable.Still now I have found those pros and cons, if I found anything I will post here.\n', '\nThe best product, i was using this mobile for nearly 4 years and moreover it met with lot of damages but not even single scratch was made from that damage..\n', "\nVery decent looking and good functionalityGot at good discount with exchange bonus - so great value for money.The only thing is that sometimes fingerprint reader doesn't work - first time that is - but on 2-3 tries it opens. Mostly opens on first try - may to do with phone being busy or free perhaps?Too much MI apps intrusion though - google is world leader (other than I-phone) - I would just let the customer rely on and leverage google (the choice is there but MI keeps asking for permissions - ultimately for peace of mind you tend to relent)\n", '\nI am writing this review after one year usage. For the current price and choice of phones available in market i would say it is not a value for money phone. If the price of 3 GB Ram and 32 GB storage variant is near about 6k to 7k then I would recommended. I bought for 11k. With respect to that times market this deal was overpriced but still could be considered due to notch display, metal body, face unlock, dual camera, image stabilizer, and obviously finger print sensor.Processor was good at one time but it is little outdated and in this phone I feel there is a issue with optimisation. Performance is quite balanced but playing games like pubg will be like phones with snap dragon 425. Why buy an outdated phone when you have a new phone coming every week.\n', '\nTo Be Honest The Mobile Not Very And Nor Very Good either. But I must suggest you it is bank for the buck!Pros-Good Speaker Sound (9/10)Vibrant Display (9/10)Notch Display (8/10)Battery Life (9.5/10)Concs-Camera is a bit fuzzy and glimmy compared to other phones at this price range, no offense (6/10)Screen should have been more bigger, Feels Quite small after daily use!  (6.5/10)Verdict - If this phone really gets a bit cheaper than its usual price like 1000-1500 rupees more cheaper than it is a value for money phone!\n', "\nI got the phone delivered today on time, here is the review after unboxing.( I just don't want to mention specs as they are already known)Pros:1) phone finishing is excellent and picturesque.2) face and fingerprint unlocking responding very quickly3) medium sized phone gets good grip in hand and fits in pocket4) flexible back cover provided in box.Cons:1) Earphone not given in box2) No slow motion recording or time lapse which is disappointing3) Display is small and do not occupy maximum area of front body4) UI is completely similar to old MI phones Overall the phone is worth buying keeping the specs in concideration. Hope Redmi provide more updates soon in software and do justification to the high-tech hardware.\n", "\nDisplay quality is top notch, overall the quality of the phone is very good. All metal body. Camera is good too. Touch smoothness is amazing. I will definitely recommend to buy this phone.The USB is not type C, it is the old one. This is the only con that i found till now. It has got 2 nano sim slots and a dedicated memory card slot (2+1).Other than the phone, amazon delivery service is a bit let down. It took 6 days to deliver the item from Calcutta to Assam. Whereas last year i bought 2 Redmi Note 4 ( for me and my uncle) from flipkart and mi india website, if you recall, Mi had flash sale every Friday. Hence i bought both handset on different dates. To my surprise i placed the order on Friday and received the item on Sunday on one occasion and Monday on the other occasion, which the shipped through ekart and FedEx respectively. Merely in 2-3 i got my phone. But Amazon's courier service is a total letdown as compared ekart and FedEx.\n", '\nPoor quality camera\n', "\nI switched from my iphone back to android after 5 years.Wanted a dual phone with good picture quality and battery life as well.Before investing on an expensive handset, I saw Sale for this phone at amazon. I found the product very promising.Undoubtedly, it has been performing very well. I'm happy with my purchase. I wish they had given a back cover and a tempered glass in the box coz due to new phone in the market, I had to struggle for nearly a month before I got a back cover and tempered fixed. It lacks night photo clarity. But all in all, a pocket-friendly phone with good feature. Buy it !!\n", "\nNow , I bought this #Redmi6Pro in the very 1st sale, 3GB, 32GB version.Build and components involved:-Phone's build with the infamous notch looks good and simple yet attractive.-Metal clad unibody design-Dual camera set up at back looks attractive too.-Normal USB 2.0 port with 3.5mm jack.-4000mAh battery, with 2Amp charger.-No fast charging.Peformance :Screen -Screen is 1080P IPS panel, full screen panel.Cameras -Cameras are not too good, but not at all bad.Camera (rear) quality is better than one on #RedmiY2.-Front camera is normal 5MP snapper.Battery- Battery performance is one whole day battery on single charge. So plug charger in night remove in the morning (as after full charger it'll automatically disconnect charger current running to the phone).Processor- The old yet trusted Snapdragon 625 octa-core CPU, good for normal race games (NOT much suitable for PUBG). Bit of lag sometimes here and there.RealMe2Pro has got a bang for buck deal here with looks and processor. But, OPPO's sub-brand Realme cannot be trusted for quality overall the components including after sales service.I prefer, Xiaomi has better charger quality and build over glass-clad Oppo RealMe 2 Pro\n", "\nI bought this phone around 10-12 months of its launch. There were Redmi note 7, 7 pro, 7A etc available for slightly more price. But I stick with this simply because its size at 5.84 inch is so compact and fits into small or average palms. Another of my requirement was 4GB ram and at least 64 GBROM both of which this phone matches.Processing is good and doesn't get heated while playing games like virua tennis pro etc. Battery lasts one full day for heavy usage and 1.5 days for average usage. Phone is kind of not very delicate and fallen down from my hands a number of times but caused no scratches or damage- still running on original plastic cover. Got an exchange value of Rs.2750 for my old redmi 4 which i exchanged and had to pay only rs.7250 for this.Overall a good buy I should say within the budget.\n", '\nValue of money\n', "\nFirst things first, the phone has really pretty looks. The phone is cute, handy and feels light in the pocket.Size-The phone is smaller than other devices, so if you're looking for a bigger screen, this will be a let down. But I really liked it that way. The screen is superb and full HD.Camera- The rear camera works good outdoors. But not so good in low light! However, the front camera is just average.Battery- Battery backup is good. There is no fast charging. It takes like 2 hours to charge it full.Processor-I have used the phone for 3-4 days. And so far I have no complaints with the processor. So, it's fairly good!Its really not a big shot but I guess the phone is worth the price.\n", '\nIts already been many review about this phone so no more to say...ProCamera (for 10000 price range)MiuiBattery (thought it could be better if it received miui 10 update)ConsDisplay (dont waste time for a second.just put glass or tuffen glass for protection)Low light photo graphy is worstFake selfi potrait imageCamera ui is bad (hope receive update soon)Battery back up could be better compare to other 4000 amp battery.it is due to unnecessary app running behind and youbcant uninstall it..Thats it but you cant get anything better than this in 10990 .i got it at 8890.(10%hdfc+1000 rupee amazon pay)I preferred black cause its looks exactly same as i phone 7..,😁😁Hope you enjoy this review and like it\n', '\nWriting this review after 2 years of full time use, no issues at all with any function , has everything what is expected from Redmi brand\n', '\nNot reviewing the phone as there are plenty of those done by professionals.I am concerned that I have got a refurbished item.1 there was no clear plactic cover on top of the box2 when started it for the dirty timr had no welcome message of MI or Google, the fone simply started and went straight to hone screen.When I did a factory reset it then started with all the welcome messages and settings\n', "\nDelivery speed is quite good but packing is very poor. Box has few dents over it and when i got the delivery the amazon wrap is a bit broken so i thought something fishy but the product is there hence makes me some relief. The Delivery package is the worst that i have ever seen.Coming to the product the mobile is looks damn stylish and Build quality is great at this price and esay in hands.Both Rear and Front Camera qulity in Indoor and Low light conditions is poor and it can be improved. Front Cam is even worse in Day light also.Except the package and cam quality the mobile worth the money.If you are a selfie lover then don't go for it\n", "\nA perfect budget smartphone. It has  smooth UI and enough storage and on top of that you can use two sims and a memory card simultaneously, which is a great plus point for this device. The speakers are loud and produces clear sound. The camera quality is good and takes decent pictures, however if you're buying a phone for capturing good pictures, this is not a very good option. The battery life is also good, you can easily get one and half days of backup with moderate usage. Call connectivity is also good on this device. Overall a good buy for the price tag.\n", '\nSatisfied\n', "\nFirst of all, I'm impressed with this phone. The process is cool. Its not lagging; everything is perfectly working fine.The Camera is the only thing I'm not satisfied with. I preferred the front camera to be at least a little bit more clear when shot at low lights. The Back camera is good. Overall my experience in this phone is great except for the camera.One more thing, the phone has two speakers at the bottom. One of them weren't working from the moment I opened the package. Well. didn't make much difference in sound as the single speaker made sufficient sound for me. So I din choose to make a complaint. So that's it. Thanks for reading this far.\n", "\nI am writing this review after using this phone for almost one week.This device offers great specifications in the budget segment. Here are my reviews about the phone :-1. Face unlock works properly..and for this budget it's fast...The phone has a metallic finish and it's too handy to use...and the phone doesn't get hot during usage...The phone is lightweight too...2. Display - Display is great and auto brightness works very well.3. Sound - Sound is too high...clarity is very good.4. Battery - A full charge lasts for almost two days on normal usage.5. Camera - Camera is awesome for the price.. The portrait shots perfectly work with humans (blur level 1)..and found some irregular blurring with objects and animals..see the attached photos. Front camera is also great and we get many modes and watermark in the camera app.6. Call quality is great..and it works fine with secondary noise cancellation microphone..7. It has a dedicated micro sd card with with you can use 2simcards and volte also works fine..8. Fingerprint scanner is fast and accurate...\n", "\nIt's such a great phone.. I uses xiaomi when it's 1st phone comes in india and I fully satisfied with this brand ... Battery life is awesome finger print is good.. and camara is also good.  But there is a problem of heat of xiaomi when it's uses .... Some times is hang.. but overall phone is awesome...\n", "\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0-Except for the notch display, I don't see this device as anything special worth of 10k INR.-Video and audio quality is upto the mark.-Haven't used that much right now but didn't see any lags.-Built is as usual good, feels sturdy with the metal frame and back.-3 GB RAM, 32 GB storage feels very redundant at this price where we get a better camera & display with phones like Asus Zenfone Pro M1 with 4GB RAM, 64GB ROM for the same price.-I bought the Red color model but it looks more of a Pink than Red.-Camera is kind of alright looking at other phones in this segment, doesn't seem poor or much superior.OVERALL: I won't say this is value for money product since brands are now launching 4GB RAM models at 10k. Just for the notch, which isn't so great or even in my personal taste, you must not compromise with performance.\n", '\nHonest Review after 3 years of full use...I have been using this phone since 2018This all shots were taken with Redmi 6 pro...Accompanied with The Macro lens Skyvik Signi X..Camera Beast..Battery life is nice..which can outstand one day of charge..and Nice processor with comparatively smooth gaming and software running...Sound quality was just awesome but after 3 yrs of use it degrades a bit...If you are seeing Budget phone for all round performance..Ths one is for you...~ Sayor Dutta\n', '\nSuperb\n', "\nThe product is priced too high for the specs it is providing when there are a lot of other devices available at a much affordable price loaded with amazing features.This is a very disappointing device by mi. Coming to the cons by noticing this price of Rs 11k :-1) No dual volte support, even the lower model redmi 6 has that feature (which is priced at only 8000rs),but not available on the model which is priced at 11,000 rs. Mi is just fooling customers with this model.2) below average front camera quality, only 5mp.3) again the same boring design of phone.4) notch design makes the phone look ugly, it could be better (but mi hasn't worked seriously on this).5)outdated processor, especially at this price point when others are providing sd 636 at same price(e.g - Asus zenfone max m1 pro)6) display quality is also not that much great whn compared to asus, honor or other devices at 12k price range.7) screen size also looks quite small due to notch on the top.. Its should be 6 inch.Pros of this device -1) good battery, 4000 mah.2) solid metal built quality.3) dual rear cameras is somewhat of good. Quality( but not great at all) .P. S - honestly saying, this is not a worthy phone, better to go. With redmi note 5 pro. At a. Slightly higher price otherwise go for Asus or honor or real me.They are providing much better value for money.Mi seriously needs to work at its strategy after seeing the stiff competition in thd market currently.This phone should be priced at only 8k.\n", "\nOrdered Red colour 32Gb variant but got confirmation of black colour...Received black unit withing 2 days of order..With no cost EMI offer it was a great deal. 👍About phone:Red mi 6 Pro is great in battery life2 days backupCamera is great as well.. nice portrait shot from front single 5mp cameraOutdoor shots are great as always...Low light shot ar just ok.Smooth interphase and good phone in this price range...Notch display give the premium feel.1 sim VOLTE support at a time.Can't user 4G in both sim at at time.Built quality is great. Premium feel.\n", '\n1. Super mobile used last 5 to 6 years ther is no mistake faced .2. Small mobile compare with mi max 2 and note 5 pro3. Slim &  sleak4. Super5 l\n', '\nGood\n', '\nBought this for my Mother, she was earlier using a Samsung, I must say the moment I opened the box I fell in love with the device, the notch design is graceful, moreover with the new update the UI is even crisper and better than it competitors... The only thing that nags me though is it is not thin enough!Otherwise for medium users (calls, whatsapp, browsing, FB and few other apps) it is a good option. I would give it an overall rating of 4/5, Only because of its thickness, rest all specs - Its a winner as always from MI. And amazon is AMAZE-on...the delivery schedule & packaging is marvelous!\n', '\nGood\n', "\nDisplay is bigger in length that Redmi note 4 but width is bit quite smaller. If u have used Redmi note3\\4, u will be bit upset.Camera is good, clear pictures.Watch front panel, outline is black. Watch pic of mobile on Mi site and other sites carefully. it is not attractive as Redmi Note 3\\4. You might get upset here as well.Touch is absolutely smooth.While taking selfie, you might have to struggle to adjust everybody in screen because camera options are eating almost 1/3 of display. SO u won't be able to see full display while taking selfie.Overall I will rate 4. Rest after using phone.\n", '\nAs MKBHD says piller of good phone are1 Display:- here the display is very good colour seems pretty acurate display is top notch and the notch is pretty bad2 camera:- must admit camera is pretty bad rear camera is only good selfie camera is horroundorous3 performance:- snapdragons 625 is very tried and trusted chipset and it does not heat as well pretty good for day to day activities and can game light games also4 software:- i like mi software its quite polished and packs in alot of features overall a good ui\n', '\nNice mobile for the budget. Screen, speakers, size and camera combination worked for me.32GB Ram is not good enough. Adding SD card does not help as Android default feature of using extended memory is not possible. Mobile has become slow even after adding a good SS card.MIUI is very intrusive.\n', "\nI have been using this smartphone from past couple of months, As this device is consisting dual rear camera of 12mp + 5mp which is full of AI support! I would really say that this phone can take far better pictures then any other smartphone in this price segment!Its battery life is quite good, i am a heavy user, and it gives me almost a one day battery backup, which is pretty much impressive!The processor in this smartphone; which is qualcomn snapdragon 625 is almost fine in this price, no issue over that, as you can play pubg on smooth settings easily, all other multi tasking works smoothly, and doesn't heat up the phone.Moving toward its built quality, it is of metal build quality which makes this phone more durable, as i am a rough user, so i have to be assure of the build quality as well.Overall, this phone is great at this price!You should go for it.!\n", '\nRedmi 6 Pro is a very nice android device. With 4000 mAH lasts for two days as is claimed and is recharged fast with its charger . It has its own system of checking security including payment securities. Display of 5.84" is good enough. Display resolution of 2280 x 1080 is nice. However, the width should have been more broad for ease of viewing, writing and navigating. It has its good number of useful apps pre-installed that average users may not have to install third party apps like photo editing, notes, cloud storage, scanner, cleaner, compass, torch, etc. Cleaning app regularly checks and suggests cleaning of junk files, memory. Fingerprint lock and AI system is added security. System and security updates are available at regular intervals. The body is strong and solid. With dual rear camera the picture quality is very good even in low light conditions. Networking is good enough depending on the strength of available network providers. Sound quality is nice. The file manager is not convenient. The message management system is also cumbersome. Safety locking from accidental deletion of important messages is lacking. On the whole a nice buy.\n', '\nVery good product the delivery was on time charge stands for more than a day if you let it drain to 30%The sound is not best byt good for this priced phoneThe camera quality is top both front and backThe performance is good not lagging when switching between apps with more than ten open at the same time. It is doing good for a 4gig ramStorage is not a problem as it has 64gb and i am a regular user of drive and google photosThis phone also enters the notch club giving a larger screen place\n', '\nI liked it very much and posting this review after so long just to say that guys this is seriously very nice phone... Battery life, finger sensor, sound quality, connectivity, etc., features all are nicely working and camera is also good as compare to others. Lastly, there is no hang issues with it.\n', '\nThe phone gives better performance and speed even though the processor is not the latest one.Face unlock is accurate and responsive just like the fingerprint sensor.Face id become less accurate at night, I understand this is common among similar phones like realme and so on.cameras are good,selfi camera does the work better than any other 5 mp camera, but performance is not up to the mark at low lights.selfi camera frame is somewhat small,capturing area coverage is small.Display is awsome,battery is also good.I think you can choose this phone for a person looking for almost good processor, good quality veiwing and especially the notch display lover should try this.....\n', "\nbettary of this product has been dead, so i changed it's bettary with local mechanic.\n", "\nDisplay quality is top notch, overall the quality of the phone is very good. All metal body. Camera is good too. Touch smoothness is amazing. I will definitely recommend to buy this phone.The USB is not type C, it is the old one. This is the only con that i found till now. It has got 2 nano sim slots and a dedicated memory card slot (2+1).Other than the phone, amazon delivery service is a bit let down. It took 6 days to deliver the item from Calcutta to Assam. Whereas last year i bought 2 Redmi Note 4 ( for me and my uncle) from flipkart and mi india website, if you recall, Mi had flash sale every Friday. Hence i bought both handset on different dates. To my surprise i placed the order on Friday and received the item on Sunday on one occasion and Monday on the other occasion, which the shipped through ekart and FedEx respectively. Merely in 2-3 i got my phone. But Amazon's courier service is a total letdown as compared ekart and FedEx.\n", "\nPros:- Notch display with handy size- Battery back up is good, lasts for one day- Back camera is okay for this price- Options like split screen, dual apps, smart screen are very useful- Finger print unlock speed is good- Processor speed is good even for gaming- Good audio, video call quality- Sound quality using headset is very good- Battery tips coming from MI are usefulCons:- Some time installed apps getting hang like swiggy, wynk music, chrome browser- Notch is not much useful. So many things missed like hotspot,headset,notification- Front camera, not good in low light- Battery heats up while charge even data off mode and no usage- Battery used to work for 2 days initially now it went to 1 day!! Even with normal usage.Over all: If you're a MI product lover and not worried about Camera but battery and price, you can go ahead. Otherwise there are lot of good phones avail in this price range with very good features.\n", "\nGifted it to mom, she's happy, no complains so I believe it's serving all her purposes well. For the techie people, who look at all the indepth details, you may keep struggling endlessly in the similar price range as for every 500 rs. There's an upgrade which on paper is good but may not translate to real world .vi actually picked it for the smaller screen size and ppi along with battery life.  When I purchased, it was the best bang for buck in the range. Picked it for 8k after discounts.\n", '\nProduct quality is good. I like camara quality and battery life also.. especially I like mi remote I had used it many time.\n', '\nBattery life and fingerprint sensor are really good. Even the memory is worth the money. It does not hang despite of using more than 40-50 apps. In this budget it is one of the best options. However the camera quality is not good.  Rest everything meets the expectations.\n', "\nI bought this to upgrade from a Huawei Y6 II Compact and whilst the Huawei was a great phone and served me well over the past 2 years, the difference between that and this new Xiaomi is night and day. The screen is massively bigger, vastly brighter and the phone feels significantly (and very noticeably) faster. It's incredible to think what you can get for your money these days in comparison to just a couple of years ago\n", "\nI would like to highlight few issues which I observed compared to other mobiles although it's better for the price he is giving.1. If I click on any link, it takes through MI browser instead of chrome and I did not see option to select chrome as default browser it's a big pain. Very very difficult to uninstall MI apps by general public, he should have knowledge on how software works in order to uninstall.2. Max volume & Brightness is less when compared to other mobiles.3. Display clarity is little low even when compared with Lenevo K6 Power.4. New work reception & net speed is 20% less.5. Lot of times finger unlock is not working.6. Bluetooth signal breaks if mobile placed in back picked it has become a pain while Jogging and cycling.7. Display size is not what we imagine before buying, few notifications on top centre hidden as speaker and sensor r placed in display.\n", "\nEvery things OK in this price range notch i like it battery life good for normal user. One main thing i had noticed that company say its dual sim it support 4g+4g sim but when i insert my jio and airtel sim so no network in Jio sim so company say dual 4g but not in sim 1 its 4g in second its 3g . and i try to make video call from airtel 4g like Jio i can't make . i don't know whats the problem . but when i insert only Jio sim in sim one then i can make video call .\n", "\nThis is my first Mi device. Had been a Samsung fan for many years.I compare with my Samsung galaxy J5.ProsMuch better battery.Screen clarity is better.Loved the notch.Value for money compared to Samsung.Feature rich.ConsHeavy device.Interface is clumsy and not user friendly.Lots of unwanted apps which cannot be uninstalled eating up space.Can't find a way to move apps to SD card.Amazon delivery was superfast. Exchange was also smooth.Bought in great Indian sale.Haven't obtained the 10 percent Amazon pay balance as advertised in the sale.Will update after more use.\n", '\nXiomi India has certainly worked hard on their mobile phones and their recently launched Redmi 6 pro phone has started proving them right in following terms :1. Great Battery Life extending up to 2 days without charging (Normal uses up to 16 hrs per day) as committed by Xiomi.2. Screen Size coming with Notch (No other mobile phone company offering this feature at this price range)3. Picture Quality has really increased a lot and HD videos are playing flawlessly4. Camera Quality is awesome and even in low light photos are coming neat and clean especially from 12 mp primary camera.5. Earlier Redmi phones used to get heated in continuous working, till now after  using phone for last 8 days no heating problem has been observed on Redmi 6 pro.6. Battery charging time has also been reduced and phone getting charged in a shorter span of time.The weight of the phone has been increased a bit as compared to Redmi Note 5 pro.In my personal opinion in a price range of up to Rs. 13000/-, Redmi 6 pro is a Great Deal having increase in Specifications, Features, Style and Quality.\n', '\nAn above-average phone with a minimal cost. It worked well for around 1.5 years. But then few problems started coming up. It got slow and sometimes it gets stuck for a few seconds (but it proceeds for sure). Display button has to be pressed hard. In call voice got very low - everytime I have to use speaker phone for a call.Also consider that I have dropped this phone once or twice before all this started happening.\n', "\nI brought it a year back. The phone works fine and the battery is good..But the side power key isn't working now after a year..it suddenly stopped working...Other than that the phone is efficient and quite user friendly and has a lot of  useful functions..Camera is quite good\n", '\nUsed item,nice\n', '\nThis device feels great in hand because it is compact enough and doesn\'t feels bulky at all. Thanks to its notch display and 19:9 aspect ratio.Directly coming to its pros and cons after 1 day of use. (will update soon)Pros1. Design - Compact design as compared to redmi note 5 pro. 5.84" screen looks way too compact as compared to 6" in note 5 pro. Design 9/102. Rear Camera - Rear Camera is fair enough. If note 5 pro is 20 then it\'s 19. It captures detailed image in good lights but struggles a bit in low light. Rating 8/10.3. Audio 9/104. Looks like a typical Xiaomi Device. Still ok because it is having unibody metal design 8.5/10.5. Price - Price of this device is fair in all aspects. 10/10ConsThe only con I felt is front camera. If the camera would be at least 12 MP shooter then this deal would be great or I must say greatest.For people who are confused between realme 2 and redmi 6 pro I would suggest them to buy redmi 6 pro.Pls hit like if u thought this review was helpful.\n']